add basic project template (#7)
flyteorg/flytelab: README.md

    </p>
    <h1 align="center">
        Flytelab
    </h1>
    <p align="center">
        The Open Source Repository of Flyte-based Projects
    </p>
    <p align="center">
        <a href="https://slack.flyte.org">
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-join_chat.svg?logo=slack&style=social" alt="Slack" />
        </a>
    </p>
</html>

The purpose of this repository is to showcase [Flyte's](https://flyte.org/) capabilities in end-to-end
applications that do some form of data processing or machine learning.

The source code for each project can be found in the `projects` directory, where each project has its
own set of dependencies.

## 🚀 Create a New Project

> **NOTE:** Make sure you're using `Python > 3.7`

We use `cookiecutter` to manage project templates.

> **NOTE:** For [MLOps Community Engineering Labs Hackathon](https://flyte.org/hackathon/) participants:
> Each team will have its own branch on the main `flyteorg/flytelab` repo. If you're part of a team of more
> than one person, assign one teammate to create a project directory and push it into your team's branch.

> Install prerequisites:

Reviewer: Shall we talk about creating a branch and virtualenv? The note talks about creating a branch, but I believe it'd be clear to include that as part of the prerequisites.

Moreover, if the user isn't a committer, should we mention that "fork" is how the user has to start working on a Flytelab project?

Author: > Shall we talk about creating a branch and virtualenv

the environment that creates the project is different from the environment that runs the project workflows, so I didn't want to bog down/confuse newcomers with having to create a virtual environment just to install `cookiecutter` on it, then creating _another_ virtual environment for the project. I think this is a nice-to-have but not really necessary.

> The note talks about creating a branch, but I believe it'd be clear to include that as part of the prerequisites

👍🏽

> Moreover, if the user isn't a committer, should we mention that "fork" is how the user has to get started?

cool, will add

```
pip install cookiecutter
```

In the root of the repo, create a new project:

```bash
cookiecutter templates/basic -o projects
```

You'll need to answer two questions:
```
project_name: my_project  # replace this with your project name
project_author: foobar    # replace this with your name
```

> **NOTE:** For [MLOps Community Engineering Labs Hackathon](https://flyte.org/hackathon/) participants:
> `project_author` should be your team name.

The project structure looks like the following:
```bash
.
├── Dockerfile
├── README.md
├── dashboard
│   ├── app.py  # streamlit app
│   ├── remote.config
│   └── sandbox.config
├── deploy.py  # deployment script
├── my_project
│   ├── __init__.py
│   └── workflows.py  # flyte workflows
├── requirements-dev.txt
└── requirements.txt
```

## 🌏 Environment Setup

Go into the project directory, then create your project's virtual environment:

```bash
cd projects/my_project

# create and activate virtual environment
python -m venv env
source env/bin/activate

# install requirements

> pip install -r requirements.txt -r requirements-dev.txt

Reviewer: Do we need the libraries included in the `requirements-dev.txt` file?

[Tutorials](https://docs.flyte.org/projects/cookbook/en/latest/tutorials.html),
and [Flytekit API Reference](https://docs.flyte.org/projects/flytekit/en/latest/) to
learn more about all of `Flyte`'s capabilities.

## 🚢 Deployment

So far you've probably been running your workflows locally by invoking `python my_project/workflows.py`.
The first step to deploying your workflows to a Flyte cluster is to test it out on a
[local sandbox cluster](https://docs.flyte.org/en/latest/deployment/sandbox.html).

Make sure you have [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) installed.

Then install `flytectl`:

<details>

<summary>OSX</summary>

```bash
brew install flyteorg/homebrew-tap/flytectl
```

</details>

<details>

<summary>Other Operating Systems</summary>

```bash
curl -sL https://ctl.flyte.org/install | sudo bash -s -- -b /usr/local/bin # You can change path from /usr/local/bin to any file system path
export PATH=$(pwd)/bin:$PATH # Only required if user used different path then /usr/local/bin
```

</details>

### Sandbox Deployment

Start the sandbox cluster:

```bash
flytectl sandbox start --source .
```

> 

Reviewer: Do we want to mention the troubleshooting guide here?

You should now be able to go to `http://localhost:30081/console` on your browser to see the Flyte UI.

> 

Reviewer: Do we have to ask the user to commit changes to a PR before running `python deploy.py`?

 ---------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ------------------------------
| /tmp/register724861421/3_my_project.workflows.main_3.pb        | Success | Successfully registered file |
 ---------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ------------------------------
4 rows
```

</details>

On the Flyte UI, you'll see a `flytelab-<project-name>` project namespace on the homepage.
Navigate to the `my_project.workflows.main` workflow and hit the `Launch Workflow` button, then
the `Launch` button on the model form.

🎉 Congrats! You just kicked off your first workflow on your local Flyte sandbox cluster.

<!-- TODO: add instructions for fast registration -->

### Union.ai Playground Deployment

The [Union.ai](https://union.ai/) team maintains a playground Flyte cluster that you can use
to run your workflows.

When you're ready to deploy to a full-fledged production Flyte cluster, first you'll need to
get an account. Currenty, you'll need to reach out to the Union.ai team on the Flyte OSS Slack 
[`#flytelab` channel](https://flyte-org.slack.com/archives/C032ZU3FSAX) to request an account,

> we're you'll receive a login, password, and in addition to that a `client_id` and `client_secret`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where you'll receive a login, password, and in addition to `client_id` and `client_secret`
```
